# Experimental Study
This directory describes the experiments from Chapter 5. The code is divided in two parts: ciphertext and plaintext domains. 

The performance metrics are TPR at FPR = 0.01%, 0.1%, and 1%.

In plaintext domain, the following are implemented:
- `e0_baseline`: Sets the baseline performance in clear for 512 dimensional embeddings using 10-fold CV. Section 5.1.1
- `e1_elbow_scree`: Uses the whole dataset to plot Elbow and Scree plots to analyze the dimensionality. Section 5.1.2
- `e1_pca_eval`: Using a range of PCA components reports performance metric with 10-fold CV. Section 5.1.2
- `e1_pca_trend_plot`: Using the csv file generated by `e1_pca_eval` plots the trend of performance metrics with increaseing retained PCA components. Section 5.1.2
- `e2_minmax_eval`: Adding the min-max normalization step after PCA, reports metrics using 10-fold  CV for global and per-feature min-max normalization. Section 5.1.3
- `e3_full`: Adding the quantization step on top of min-max normalization and PCA, thereby completing the preprocessing pipeline in clear domain, reports metrics using 10-fold CV. Section 5.1.4

In ciphertext domain:
- `enc_eval`: Does 10-fold CV on the whole pipeline with different strategies. 
- `enc_eval_p_error`: Does 10-fold CV on the global-global pipeline with different p_errors. 
- `enc_no_minmax`: Does 10-fold CV on signed pipeline with global quantization.
- `enc_timing`: Used to measure timings of different configurations. 
- `memory_costs`: Used to measure memory costs of different configurations. 
